Allow skip edges in divisions (#253)
live-image-tracking-tools/traccuracy: docs/source/track_errors/divisions.md

```

## Skip Edges

`traccuracy` considers an edge to be a skip edge if the source and target nodes are more than one frame apart.

In default division evaluation, skip edges must be identical in the ground truth and predicted graphs to be considered a true positive.

> If the parent node with outgoing skip edges is mismatched to the parent node in the ground truth graph, this will be a False Positive/False Negative division pair, even if the daughter nodes are correctly identified.

Author: ```suggestion
If the parent node with outgoing skip edges is not matched to the parent node in the ground truth graph, this will be a False Positive/False Negative division pair, even if the daughter nodes are correctly identified.
```
